Identify and analyze a device that is an IoT device now, but in the past was a non-IoT device. Describe and list the features of the device. Compare the functions of the device in the past to the functions of the device now.

The physical key based traditional security includes the problem of misuse made by key loss, stealing, and copying, and it is impossible to control who opens and closes a door.
Based on the IoT technology, the authentication based central control system controls door lock as a thing in wired and wireless communication ways (USB, audio channel, and Bluetooth) by achieving connection between smartphone as a device and security authentication server in mobile communication network.

Compare the functions of the device in the past to the functions of the device now.

Based on the IoT technology, the authentication based central control system controls door lock as a thing in wired and wireless communication ways (USB, audio channel, and Bluetooth) by achieving connection between smartphone as a device and security authentication server in mobile communication network.

For your chosen IoT device, list any improvements or any diminishments if they exist, over the non-IOT device. Describe any limitations that are present in the new IoT version of the device.

Based on the IoT technology, the central control based system lets door lock connect with smartphone in such wired and wireless communication ways as USB, audio channel, and Bluetooth, and allows the smartphone to access security authentication server through mobile network in order to open or close a door. 
The proposed method needs no physical key, uses the relay function of the smartphone connected to door lock, and lets remote authentication server control a door. As the IoT based door lock system that uses smartphone rather than physical key to increase convenience and enhance security through security authentication, the Smart Door Lock system consists of door lock security authentication server, mobile app for door lock control, communication module for smartphone, and embedded board and firmware for door lock control. The proposed system was compared with other types of systems in terms of convenience, scalability, and security. The results are drawn as follows: Regarding convenience, the physical key system needs master key and requires all relevant people to hold keys; the digital door lock system needs no key; the Smart Door Lock system uses personal smartphone. Therefore, the digital door lock system and the Smart Door Lock system have higher convenience. Regarding scalability, the Smart Door Lock system has scalability to USB, Audio Jack, Bluetooth, and OPT ways. With regard to security, the physical key system makes possible key copying; the digital door lock system has the possibility of password leakage; the Smart Door Lock system can minimize security risk, for it is based on security authentication.


Describe any privacy issues with the IoT device that never existed in the original version of the device. Compare the price of the original device to the price of the new IoT version of the device. When performing a price comparison, attempt to normalize for the changing value of currency over time by using an online inflation calculator.

A comparison was made between the Smart Door Lock System for security enhancement, physical key system, and digital door lock system in terms of convenience, security, and scalability. According to the comparison analysis, regarding convenience, the physical key system needs master key and requires all relevant people to hold keys; the digital door lock system needs no key; and the Smart Door Lock system uses personal smartphone. As a result, the digital door lock system and the Smart Door Lock system have higher convenience. Regarding scalability, the Smart Door Lock system has scalability to USB, Audio Jack, Bluetooth, and OPT ways. With regard to security, the physical key system makes possible key copying; the digital door lock system has the possibility of password leakage; the Smart Door Lock system can minimize security risk since it is based on security authentication. 


